         Hello, Myself Balaji.K.

Tools : VSCode.

1) I completed this project within the stipulated given time. I hereby provide detailed information regarding project.

2) I created Folder Called Weather-App. In that, i created two directories, One for Frontend and One for Backend. The Project structure looks like:

      Weather-App--
                  |
                  |
                  |--- Backend ---> server.js
                  |
                  |--- Frontend ---> weather-app ----> src ----> App.vue
		   

3) In Backend, I created a file called Server.js, Inside i added necessary required codes and created Backend Server. API Key need to be added. I just gave blank to add.

4) Backend execution to start Server - node Server.js

5) Frontend I used Vue.js, Here i used SFC i.e Single File Component. i had not added any too much of components. For now i preferred to keep it simple. 

   *) Installed Axios using NPM and Font Awesome for icons and Bootstrap to make elements attractive.
 
   *) Used Internal CSS.

6) Once Backend Server is Running - Frontend part need to be executed using "npm run serve". Flow of Project as follows:

   From Backend Server ----> Server.js ----> From API Key ----> Weather info (info fetched from api) -----> Passing to ------> Frontend ------> Result will be Visible in Screen.

   but i had created frontend in Static not dynamic, The values in frontend which i hardcoded. Main intention is to focus on Frontend Design part.

7) To make it responsive according to Mobile, Tablet etc. I added MediaQuery in same doc. 

That's it.

-------------------------------------------

what all can be done.

1) Mouse hover on container. When i hover my mouse on container, the container will get zoom in little with smooth transition. 

2) While hovering on buttons or search bar. background color fill from left to right with smooth transition.

3) background rain video with very low opacity looks attractive.

4) Icons shrinking whenever mouse hovers on Icons.

5) Popping out Icons if there is heavy rain forecast in current time.

These are more ideas which all can be added to make website/app more cool and attractive. The time alloted for me was ended. Thank you for this opportunity.


Thank you,
Balaji.K



